Transfer generic stuff from eager to template (#788)
nf-core/tools: nf_core/pipeline-template/{{cookiecutter.name_noslash}}/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug_report.md

Please delete this text and anything that's not relevant from the template below:
-->

## Check Documentation

> Have you checked in the following places for your error?:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I have checked the following places for your error:
```

> - [ ] [nf-co.re troubleshooting(https://nf-co.re/usage/troubleshooting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [nf-core website: troubleshooting](https://nf-co.re/usage/troubleshooting)
```

> - [ ] [{{ cookiecutter.name }}-specific documentation](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.name }}/usage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] [{{ cookiecutter.name }} pipeline documentation](https://nf-co.re/{{ cookiecutter.name }}/usage)
```

> 
> Please also check the the corresponding version's documentation, if not
> testing the latest release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

## Log files

Have you provided the following extra information/files:

- [ ] The command used to run the pipeline

> - [ ] The `.nextflow.log` file (which is a hidden file in whichever place you _ran_
>    the pipeline from - not necessarily in the output directory!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The `.nextflow.log` file <!-- this is a hidden file in the directory where you launched the pipeline -->
```
